# Breast Cancer Image Classification

## Goal
The first goal of this project was to train a deep learning image classification model on breast cancer cell images in order to predict whether an arbitrary picture of cells would be benign or malignant. To achieve this, I used Tensorflow Keras and trained a neural network on a dataset of the images. The second goal of the project was to determine which factors of these cells are most related to cancer occurrence. This was analyzed using PCA and LDA techniques.

## Reflection
This project was definitely very cool to see the results of. Training the neural network was pretty complicated, and to be honest, I still don't understand what specifically the model does when it is trained with the images. However, the model provided some important insights, and was able to accurately predict whether a picture of breast cancer cells outside of the trained dataset would be benign or malignant. I think this could have some important real life applications, especially for medical technology, where they would be able to predict whether cells are benign or malignant. If benign, the patient would not have to worry about spread, and this detection could save the doctors time and money. However, there could be risks with inaccuracy and bias, as is the problem with this ML technology. Nevertheless, I do think that with some improvements this project could be directly applicable. Since a lot of these models probably exist out there, I would like to continue this project by having a better front-end visualization of the results and also be able to apply it to real-world scenarios. 
